Todo
	General:
		Mute button is kind of glitched, muting and setting the volume trackbar to 0 fires the event and sets unmuted volume to 0.
		It is possible that an image or video won't able to be read for some various reasons (already open, corrupted). Need to account for this using try/catch statements.
		Account for the possibility of 0 files or 0 folders.
		Undo button for deleting a file, is doable because file is moved to recycle bin but a bit tricky.
	
	Sorter:
		Seems like there is a problem when doing an undo then saving the image again the fileindex appears to 'go backwards 1'.
		Actions rework:
			Create "Action" class/interface.
				Extend for moves, renames, deletes.
				Implement methods for performing these, 
			Use a Stack<Action> to handle undos and redoes.
			Basically needs a whole MVC rework?
	
	Viewer:
		Stop images grid horizontal scroll bar appearing.

	Rename Tag:
		Update constructor to take an argument and open a folder instantly.

	Duplicate Finder:
		Chance that when searching for duplicates that the loading gets stuck a few away from max and never finishes.
		Option to only search for duplicates between current directory and subdirectories instead of searching for duplicates between subdirectories?
		Add sortable list to duplicate searcher so user can search by most likely to be duplicate.
		Add more options?
			Keep largest?
			Keep file with most tags?

Done
	Duplicate Finder
		Fixed lots of issues with duplicate finder.
			Thumbnails are now an MD5 of the entire path (c:\temp\temp\filename.jpg) instead of just the filename (filename.jpg).
		Added cropping of borders to duplicate finder.
	Settings Form
		Reworked settings form to use panel with docking and autoscroll.
		Added "view" button for thumbs location.
		Fixed view logs button.
		Added toggling of windows context menu options using registry.
	MediaViewer
		Moved finding vlc to Load event, works better with designer.

	Added mass-tag argument to automatically open that window.
	Changed design of duplicate list in duplicate finder, addeing image previews, using databinding.
	Hash images and save small thumbs like with video thumbs done.

	Highlighting tags in bold that are not on the other file in the duplicate finder is fixed.
	Add more options to duplicate finder:
		Merge tags to selected copy.

	Add ability to rename a tag in all given files.
	Add video functionality to duplicate finder.
		Mute buttons not yet working.
		VlcControls are not stretching to fit the media like the sort form does?
	Make it so that changing similarity percentage and searching again doesnt regenerate all file prints unless necessary.

Notes
	Redrawing "Updating" Split Container While Dragging: https://stackoverflow.com/q/6521731/8306962
	Mac Track Bar Source: https://www.codeguru.com/csharp/csharp/cs_controls/custom/article.php/c12101/Advanced-TrackBar-Slider-Control-with-MAC-Style-C.htm